address issue 60 (#82)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-arch: draft-ietf-wimse-arch.md

### Security Context Establishment and Propagation

> In a typical system of workloads additional information is needed in order for the workload to perform its function. For example, it is common for a workload to require information about a user or other entity that originated the request. Other types of information may include information about the hardware or software that the workload is running or information about what processing and validation has already been done to the request. This type of information is part of the security context that the workload uses during authorization, accounting and auditing. This context is propagated and possibly augmented from workload to workload using tokens. A security context may be constrained to a workload by including the workload identifier as part of the context. This may indicate that the context originated from a specific workload, or that only a specific workload may make use of the context. A workload may also use a workload identity credential to bind a context to one or more transaction so the receiver can verify which workload initiated the transaction and the context that was intended for the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a typical system of workloads additional information is needed in order for the workload to perform its function. For example, it is common for a workload to require information about a user or other entity that originated the request. Other types of information may include information about the hardware or software that the workload is running or information about what processing and validation has already been done to the request. This type of information is part of the security context that the workload uses during authorization, accounting and auditing. This context is propagated and possibly augmented from workload to workload using tokens. The context may be associated with a specific source or target workload by binding it to a specific workload identifier. This may indicate that the context originated from a specific workload, or that only a specific workload may make use of the context. A workload may also use a workload identity credential to bind a context to one or more transaction so the receiver can verify which workload initiated the transaction and the context that was intended for the transaction.
```
